add a note to exclude repo url prefix (#157)
MeltanoLabs/tap-github: README.md

This tap accepts the following configuration options:

- Required: One and only one of the following modes:

>   1. `repositories`: an array of strings containing the github repos to be included. The repo URL prefix should be excluded (e.g. MeltanoLabs/tap-github).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. `repositories`: an array of strings specifying the GitHub repositories to be included. Each element of the array should be of the form `<org>/<repository>`, e.g. `MeltanoLabs/tap-github`.
```

Reviewer: I think it's more clear if we say specifically what it ought to be, rather than what to exclude. I wasn't sure what you meant by "repo URL prefix" at first.

Author: @WillDaSilva yep 100% thanks for the suggestion!
